.\" groff insists on hyphenating MariaDB as Mari-aDB, and that cannot
.\" stand.
.hw Maria-DB
.TH resume 7 "11 Nov 2022" "1.0" "Seth Morabito's Resume"
.SH NAME
resume \- Seth Morabito's Resume
.SH AUTHOR
Seth Morabito
.MT web@loomcom.com
.ME
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B man
\[char46]/resume.man
.SH DESCRIPTION
Accomplished, passionate, driven and creative software engineer with
extensive experience solving problems at every level of the
development life cycle, from requirements analysis to deployment.
Strong team player with a love of the craft and a constant desire to
explore, create, and solve. Comfortable working in both small and
large systems. Core skills center around back end software for
Internet applications, object-oriented design, test driven
development, tool development, and API design. Never happy standing
still.
.SH SKILLS
\fBLanguages\fP
.RS 4
Extensive professional experience with Java, Rust, C, and Ruby.
Other work and personal project experience with Python, JavaScript,
and C++.
.RE
.sp
\fBTechnologies\fP
.RS 4
Linux, Apache Kafka, GraphQL, Docker, InfluxDB, Vertica, PostgreSQL.
.RE
.sp
\fBFundamentals\fP
.RS 4
Network & Web, Stream Processing, Object-Oriented Design, Functional
Programming, Test-Driven Development, Continuous Delivery,
Virtualization.
.RE
.SH EXPERIENCE
\fBAkamai Technologies\fP
.br
\fBSenior Software Engineer II\fP
.br
November 2017\(enMarch 2022
.IP \(bu 2
Designed and built a Rust application that reuses existing C++
libraries and handles consuming over 10,000 Apache Kafka messages per
second, providing near real-time monitoring of our network's
provisioned state.
.IP \(bu 2
Engineered a Kafka Streams data aggregation and event detection system
that allows our customers to message their subscribers about potential
threats, and allows our network to gracefully handle data center
fail-over.
.PP
\fBNominum (Acquired by Akamai)\fP
.br
\fBSenior Software Engineer\fP
.br
October 2013\(enNovember 2017
.IP \(bu 2
Designed a lock-free data structure to hold hundreds of thousands of
URLs in our HTTP proxy, reducing memory footprint and improving
response time.
.IP \(bu 2
Built a customer reporting solution using HPE Vertica and InfluxDB
capable of sustained ingest of thousands of rows per second.
.IP \(bu 2
Designed and built a RADIUS and DHCP IP Address change tracking system
capable of handling over 20,000 IP Address changes per second.
.PP
\fBGlyde Corporation\fP
.br
\fBSenior Software Engineer\fP
.br
December 2007\(enJuly 2013
.PP
Innovative Consumer-to-Consumer marketplace.
.IP \(bu 2
Designed and built a fraud detection and prevention system that
reduced fraudulent activity by 80% and significantly increased
customer satisfaction.
.IP \(bu 2
Spearheaded integration of the Glyde Marketplace with PayPal (payment
and withdrawal), and Twilio (SMS messaging).
.IP \(bu 2
Implemented a cohort analysis system to analyze buying and selling
patterns to improve business strategy decision making.
.PP
\fBStanford University\fP
.br
\fBSoftware Engineer\fP
.br
May 2004\(enDecember 2007
.PP
Software Engineer with the LOCKSS Program at Stanford University.
LOCKSS ("Lots of Copies Keep Stuff Safe") is an Open Source,
distributed, peer-to-peer digital content preservation system used by
libraries world-wide to preserve digital journals.
.IP \(bu 2
Architected and implemented major portions of the new LOCKSS
peer-to-peer polling protocol (LCAP V3), resulting in a ten-fold
improvement in content auditing and repair efficiency over the
previous implementation.
.IP \(bu
Created a complete testing environment in Python for stress and
integration testing of the LOCKSS Network.
.IP \(bu
Designed and built a dynamic Java plugin extension system for
automatically finding and updating running LOCKSS systems with new
functionality.
.PP
.SH EDUCATION
\fBCornell University\fP
.br
1992\(en1995
.PP
Three years toward a BA in Linguistics.
.PP
.SH BUGS
Spends too much time formatting resume in \fIgroff\fP.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBHome Page\fP
.RS 4
.UR https://loomcom.com/
.UE
.RE
.sp
\fBGitHub\fP
.RS 4
.UR https://github.com/sethm/
.UE
.RE
.sp
\fBLinkedIn\fP
.RS 4
.UR https://linkedin.com/in/sethmorabito/
.UE
.RE
